But Clifton College was separate.
Yes, because it was a public school divided into
how many boarding houses? Ten houses, seven of which were boarding, and one of which was
at the Jewish house. And it was the longest serving Jewish house in a public school
in this country. It no longer exists.
It was called the Jewish house?
No, it was called Pollack's house because what they used to do was name the houses after the
housemaster in charge. And the Pollack's house was run by the Pollack, several generations of
the Pollack family. So what provisions were made for you there then at Clifton College?
Well, we didn't have to attend lessons on a Saturday. We had kosher food and we had regular Jewish
lessons.